Chore: Gateway 3.10 changelog (#8589)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/aws-lambda/_changelog.md

## Changelog

### {{site.base_gateway}} 3.10.x

> * Fixed an issue that occurred when `is_proxy_integration` was enabled, where Kong Gateway's response could behave incorrectly when the response was changed after the execution of the AWS Lambda plugin. 

Author: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue that occurred when `is_proxy_integration` was enabled, where {{site.base_gateway}}'s response could behave incorrectly when the response was changed after the execution of the AWS Lambda plugin. 
```
